BearcatCTF 2025
Agenda
Code of Conduct
Register
BearcatCTF 2025: World Tour
BearcatCTF Logo
Start Hacking!
Event Information
Welcome to Cyber@UC's BearcatCTF 2025! This is Cyber@UC's second year running this cybersecurity CTF competition and we are excited for what is planned this year. This event is welcoming students across Ohio, Northern Kentucky, and Southern Indiana to compete in person at the 1819 Innovation Hub. Online participation is encouraged, however, those who are unable to attend in person are ineligible for prizes. BearcatCTF is a great experience for anyone interested in cybersecurity across all skill levels. In addition to the CTF competition, the event will feature a sponsor expo, workshops, fun activities, and complimentary food and beverages. Best of all, registration is free and open now!

Check-in and Sponsor Expo Begin: February 1st at 10AM
CTF Start: February 1st at Noon
CTF End: February 2nd at Noon
Location: 1819 Innovation Hub, 2900 Reading Rd, Cincinnati, OH 45206
Teams of up to 4 people. (Team formation happens closer to the event)
18+ students for in-person only!
Check out the 2025 in-person FULL AGENDA for more info!
Prizes
Prizes are available to the top placed in-person teams. Only one member of a team is required to attend in-person to be eligible for prizes. Each member of the team will receive the prize. The first 100 in-person participants will receive an EXCLUSIVE BearcatCTF 2025 Challenge Coin!

Picture of Flipper Zero
1st Place: Flipper Zero
Picture of Raspberry Pi
2nd Place: Raspberry Pi 5
Picture of Rubber Ducky
3rd Place: USB Rubber Ducky
Sponsors

Platinum Tier
OCRI Logo

Gold Tier
Fifth Third Bank Logo

Silver Tier
Trail of Bits Logo
Caesar Creek Software Logo

Location Sponsor
1819 Innovation Hub Logo

Interested in joining us as a sponsor? You can find more information about sponsoring on our website or by emailing us at cyberatuc513@gmail.com

© 2024 Cyber@UC Club

CyberAtUC
Cyber@UC Club is a registered student organization with the University of Cincinnati.

Registration shall not be construed as the University of Cincinnati’s approval, disapproval, endorsement, or sponsorship of the student organization’s publications, activities, statements, purposes, actions, or positions.